USWDS-proposals: Add directory for pre-alpha web components (#18)
uswds/uswds-proposals: web-components/_template.md

Reviewer: @amyleadem can you look into display issues showing up in the preview?

https://github.com/uswds/uswds-proposals/blob/5020a85e4ee0faf82ae8efe3e58159af8177c3ec/web-components/_template.md

![capture-Arc-2025-02-10@2x](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/864a182f-9568-460e-9f67-6d8343fffad4)

# [Component] web component design

## Landscape analysis

_Provide a link to the code samples from the landscape analysis._

<!--
  You can find these files in Google Drive:

>   https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1F8z7v5RCOV3D33iEz7TR0B8IHv20WNMF

Reviewer 2: **Question:** Should we make a note that this link is internal only? 

I know we have the note that only the core team can make the proposals for now but I'm curious if we should make note in case anyone is poking around the files.

Might not be important!

Author: I added a "limited access" note in [5020a85](https://github.com/uswds/uswds-proposals/pull/18/commits/5020a85e4ee0faf82ae8efe3e58159af8177c3ec).

-->

> [Component] code samples from the landscape analysis (Google docs :lock:)

Author: Yes, I don't think we need to do a full analysis of each components. It feels more appropriate to just grab code samples for comparison.

## Proposed component structure

### Critical content

> _In a table, list the component content that is critical for user understanding. These elements should always be painted on the page, even when JavaScript is unavailable or slow._

Reviewer: **polish**: Small suggestion to  remove the word `painted` because it might be too technical.

```suggestion
_In a table, list the component content that is critical for user understanding. These elements should always be on the page, even when JavaScript is unavailable or slow._
```

Author: Updated in [5020a85](https://github.com/uswds/uswds-proposals/pull/18/commits/5020a85e4ee0faf82ae8efe3e58159af8177c3ec)

<!--
| Element | Required attributes | Content |
| ------- | ------------------- | ------- |
| --      | --                  | --      |
-->

### Light DOM

> _Provide a code sample for the web component in the light DOM. Provide default and complex implementations when applicable._

Reviewer: **polish**: The heading already mentions light DOM. We can use plain language for the requirements.

```suggestion
_Provide an example for how the web component would be used. Include a default example and complex example (when applicable)._
```

Author: Updated the copy to "_Provide a code sample of how a user would add this web component to their project. Provide a default example and a complex example (when applicable)._"  in [5020a85](https://github.com/uswds/uswds-proposals/pull/18/commits/5020a85e4ee0faf82ae8efe3e58159af8177c3ec)

<!--
```html
```
-->

### Shadow DOM

_Provide a code sample of how the component will be built in the shadow DOM. Provide default and complex implementations when applicable._

<!--

> ```html

Reviewer: **polish**: We could add clarity by adding an HTML comment marking that this is the shadow DOM markup.

```suggestion
```html
<!-- #shadow-root -->

```

Author: Good idea. Added in [5020a85](https://github.com/uswds/uswds-proposals/pull/18/commits/5020a85e4ee0faf82ae8efe3e58159af8177c3ec)

```
-->

### Variants

_In a table, list the current and proposed variants for the component._

#### Current variants

<!--

> | USWDS 3 variant | Web components variant | Description | Defined via |

Author: It was intended to capture how the user would set this variant in the light DOM.

Since I imagine this would almost always be a prop of some sort, I updated the heading to "Related prop" in [5020a85](https://github.com/uswds/uswds-proposals/pull/18/commits/5020a85e4ee0faf82ae8efe3e58159af8177c3ec). 

Let me know if that is still unclear.

|--------|--------|--------|--------|
|  |  |  |  |

> -->

Reviewer 2: **Question:** Not sure I follow what the the `Web components variant` is supposed to be listed as here. 

Is this just the name of the variant? Would this differ from the USWDS 3 variant?

#### Proposed additional variants

<!--

> | USWDS 3 variant | Web components variant | Description | Defined via |
> |--------|--------|--------|--------|
> | -- |  |  |  |

Reviewer 2: **Suggestion (non-blocking):** Personally, I like the hyphens here in between the columns. It feels a bit easier to distinguish the column spaces and dividers.

```suggestion
| USWDS 3 variant | Web components variant | Description | Defined via |
|--------|--------|--------|--------|
| -- | -- | -- | -- |
```

Curious what others think/prefer!

Reviewer 3: Agree re: hyphens and that it shouldn't be a blocker. Ideally the columns would be the same width and depending on your editor there should be away to do that automagically, but it's also probably not worth spending any actual time to make that happen

Author: Good notes. Automagicked the formatting in VS code. Let me know if you want any other changes to the table formatting.

-->

### Props

_In a table, list the proposed props for the current and proposed variants for the component._

#### Current variants

<!--
| Property | Description | Expected values
|--------|--------|--------|
|  |  |  |
-->

#### Proposed additional variants

<!--
| Property | Description | Expected values
|--------|--------|--------|

> | |  |  |

Reviewer 2: Minor formatting:

```suggestion
|  |  |  |
```

Author: Formatted tables in [3911ae9](https://github.com/uswds/uswds-proposals/pull/18/commits/3911ae91fb05b2fb7d03592d12d5b76196324c2b)
